Added documentation for converter CLI (#1789)
pyansys/pymapdl: doc/source/user_guide/convert.rst

would take place within Python because APDL commands
are less transparent and more difficult to debug.

Command-line interface
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> From v0.64.0, you use the converter from the command line.
> After you have activated and installed the package as detailed
> in :ref:`installation`, you can use the converter from your terminal
> by using the command ``pymapdl_convert_script``. For instance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In PyMAPDL v0.64.0 and later, you use the converter from the command line.
After you have activated and installed the package as described
in :ref:`installation`, you can use the converter from your terminal.
Here is how you use the ``pymapdl_convert_script`` command:
```

.. code:: bash

    $ pymapdl_convert_script mapdl.dat -o python.py

    File mapdl.dat successfully converted to python.py.

You can obtain help on its usage, options, and examples by typing:

.. code:: bash

    $ pymapdl_convert_script --help

    Usage: pymapdl_convert_script [OPTIONS] FILENAME_IN

    PyMAPDL CLI tool for converting MAPDL scripts to PyMAPDL scripts.

    USAGE:

    ...

> The command ``pymapdl_convert_script`` uses
> :func:`convert_script() <ansys.mapdl.core.convert_script>` function
> hence this command accepts most of this function arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``pymapdl_convert_script`` command uses the
:func:`convert_script() <ansys.mapdl.core.convert_script>` function.
Hence, this command accepts most of this function's arguments.
```

Usage
-----

You can call this command from the terminal with different

> arguments. The basic use is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
arguments. Here is a basic usage example:
```

.. code:: bash
    
    $ pymapdl_convert_script mapdl.dat -o python.py

    File mapdl.dat successfully converted to python.py.

> which convert the ``mapdl.dat`` file to a Python file called ``python.py``.
> The output argument is completely optional. If you don't specify it,
> the output name just change the extension to ``py``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output argument is completely optional. If you don't specify it,
the PY extension is used for the file that is outputted:
```

.. code:: bash

    $ pymapdl_convert_script mapdl.dat

    File mapdl.dat successfully converted to mapdl.py.

> You can use any option from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use any option from the
```

:func:`convert_script() <ansys.mapdl.core.convert_script>` function.

For example you can use ``--auto-exit`` argument to avoid exiting MAPDL
instance after running the script.

.. code:: bash

    $ pymapdl_convert_script mapdl.dat --auto-exit False

    File mapdl.dat successfully converted to mapdl.py.

> You can skip the imports using ``--add_imports``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can skip the imports using the ``--add_imports`` option:
```

.. code:: bash

    $ pymapdl_convert_script mapdl.dat --filename_out mapdl.out --add_imports
    False

    File mapdl.dat successfully converted to mapdl.out.

> You can find more information about the possible options by checking its help
> command (``pymapdl_convert_script --help``) or the function
> :func:`convert_script() <ansys.mapdl.core.convert_script>` documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about possible options, use the help
command (``pymapdl_convert_script --help``) or the
:func:`convert_script() <ansys.mapdl.core.convert_script>` 
function documentation.
```

Caveats
~~~~~~~

> These examples only show an automatic translation of a verification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These examples only show an automatic translation of a verification:
```

After you have activated and installed the package as described
in :ref:`installation`, you can use the converter from your terminal.
Here is how you use the ``pymapdl_convert_script`` command:

.. code:: bash

    $ pymapdl_convert_script mapdl.dat -o python.py

    File mapdl.dat successfully converted to python.py.

To obtain help on converter usage, options, and examples, type this command:

.. code:: bash

    $ pymapdl_convert_script --help

    Usage: pymapdl_convert_script [OPTIONS] FILENAME_IN

    PyMAPDL CLI tool for converting MAPDL scripts to PyMAPDL scripts.

    USAGE:

    ...

The ``pymapdl_convert_script`` command uses the
:func:`convert_script() <ansys.mapdl.core.convert_script>` function.
Hence, this command accepts most of this function's arguments.

Usage
-----

You can call this command from the terminal with different
arguments. Here is an example that converts the ``mapdl.dat``
file to a Python file named ``python.py``:

.. code:: bash
    
    $ pymapdl_convert_script mapdl.dat -o python.py

    File mapdl.dat successfully converted to python.py.

The output argument is completely optional. If you don't specify it,

> the PY extension is used for the file that is outputted:

Author: ```suggestion
the py extension is used for the file that is outputted:
```

> the py extension is used for the file that is outputted:

Author: ```suggestion
the ``py`` extension is used for the file that is outputted:
```

> The script conversion functions allow some interesting arguments that can be seen in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The script conversion functions allow some interesting arguments, which you can see in
```

> their respective function documentation, :func:`convert_script() <ansys.mapdl.core.convert_script>`,
> and :func:`convert_apdl_block() <ansys.mapdl.core.convert_apdl_block>`.
> Especially interesting are the keyword arguments ``add_imports``, ``comment_solve``, and
> ``print_com``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the respective :func:`convert_script() <ansys.mapdl.core.convert_script>`
and :func:`convert_apdl_block() <ansys.mapdl.core.convert_apdl_block>`
function documentation. Especially interesting are the ``add_imports``, ``comment_solve``, and
``print_com`` keyword arguments.
```
